Add missing `sort` query param to workspace list API (#316)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/api-docs/changelog.mdx

Keep track of changes to the API for Terraform Cloud and Terraform Enterprise.

## 2023-03-30

> * Update the [Workspace list API](/terraform/cloud-docs/api-docs/workspaces##list-workspaces) to include the `sort` query parameter.

Reviewer: Quick suggestion for style and an extra `#` snuck into the URL:
```suggestion
* Add the `sort` query parameter to the Workspaces API's [list workspaces endpoint](/terraform/cloud-docs/api-docs/workspaces#list-workspaces).
```

Author: whoops, thx!
